https://codepen.io/MJSchuette/pen/oNXjvmp?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        semantic html is html that gives meaning of the code to developers and machines.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Building the structure of a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        They give extra info about an element. The opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        H1 tag is used for the main information. It should ideally be used once per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        "img" and "a"
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        you typically put metadata such as title and style.
    7. What is an id? 
        A unique identifier 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        A blueprint/ prototype from which objects are created
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As much as you can fit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        It provides text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #Id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section tag defines where sections are in a document while the div tag defines a division or a section. The div tag is also used more to format with css
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        It is used to format and design html documents
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{
            blah blah blah
        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be applied to multiple elements whereas an id can only be applied to a single element.
        You could use a class when you want to format similar elements such as a "nav"
        You could use an id if you want to specifically design an element in a unique way.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        it selects all child elements of a parent. This would be useful for overriding rules and such.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div a.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        css selectors with a colon preceeding them such as :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: X;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: Xpx;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: dotted 1px black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        universal selector "*" 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        git rm. You have to be careful because there is no warning prompt and it is gone for good
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It stremlines coding and working in teams. it also provides back ups and other great features to just make life easier.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        As often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        1) create your own fork of the repo
        2) Add tl as a collab (settings->collaborators->Insert name)
        3)copy link from the clone dropdown box
        4) in command line choose where you want to clone your repo at such as a lambda folder
        5) once chosen use git clone <link-to-repo>
        6)type cd to see what is in it then use git checkout to create own branch
        7)make changes to repo and push them using git add, git commit -m, and git push -u origin
        8)submit a Pull request
        9) go to github (branch master-> add TL->submit)
        
        Strech Goals

        1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
            inline elements can be nested inside of other elements without disrupting the flow of content.
            Elements that are displayed as block will take up as much space as their parent element will allow.
        2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
            Its position is absolute or fixed. The top, right, bottom, and left properties specify offsets from the edges of the element's containing block.
        3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
       
        4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
            display block- height   width   margin
            display inline- a    span
            display inline-block-  button, input, select, textarea 
        5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
            So basically the box model is a set of rules that decides how the size of different elements are manipulated as you add paddings and borders and such.
              box-sizing: border-box is the fix.
              